



**Output:**

Admission requirements for the degree programme To be able to profitably follow the 2nd cycle degree programme in Computer Science and Engineering, students must possess the following knowledge: - university-level knowledge of mathematics and physics (SSD MAT01 MAT09, FIS01 FIS03), - university-level knowledge of computing (SSD INF01, ING-INF05) - knowledge of the English language to level B1. Admission to the 2nd cycle degree programme is subject to the possession of the following curricular requirements: 1. A 1st cycle degree in one of the following classes, or other suitable qualification obtained abroad: L-31: Computer sciences and technologies L-8: Computer Engineering L-26: Computer sciences and technologies L-9: Computer Engineering Degree from the previous four-year/five-year system in: Information Engineering Computing Computer Engineering Electronic Engineering Telecommunications Engineering If none of the above degrees have been obtained, admission to a 2nd Cycle Degree Programme is subject to the demonstration of the required skills and knowledge, assessed by a Board based on the analysis of the CV and an interview, the methods, criteria and procedures of which will be set by the Degree Programme Board and published on the University portal. Admission to the 2nd cycle degree programme is in any case subject to the possession of the described curricular requirements and the assessment of the students' personal competencies and skills, based on the analysis of the candidates' curriculum, which may be followed by an interview, the methods, criteria and procedures of which will be set by the Degree Programme Board and published in advance on the University portal. Admission to the degree programme is subject to the assessment of knowledge and skills in the English language. The Degree Programme may require students to recover any initial deficit in their language skills if they are assessed to below level B1 on admission. A special Admissions session may be held for international students, with a Board appointed to assess the candidates' personal competencies and skills; this session will be compatible with the schedule established in the call for applications for study grants (which indicatively expires in May). International students who pass the above-mentioned assessment are exempted from the following assessment of their personal competencies and skills required for other students. Call for application 24/25 - Curriculum Intelligent embedded systems - Local track Admission requirements A single-cycle or Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering or another degree recognized suitable by the Examining Committee. Proof of English proficiency (at least B2 level of the CEFR). This requirement will be satisfied if the candidate submits an English certificate among the ones listed on the attachment “Accepted language certificates” on the right; alternatively, for candidates who are admitted to phase II of the admission process, English proficiency will be assessed during the interview. Required documents: Transcript with exams taken and, for each, grades, ECTS credits, scientific-disciplinary sectors (SSD) and weighted GPA/average. For candidates enrolled or graduated in a university abroad, transcript with exams taken and, for each, grades, ECTS credits, or if the detail of ECTS credits is not available, the workload for each exam in terms of class hours. If available, information about weighted GPA/average would be useful. For students who already graduated, the certificate should state the final grade as well. Curriculum vitae/resume (in English) ID document If available: English certificate, residence permit (permesso di soggiorno) Tuition Fee Amounts Tuition fees are calculated based on the 2024 ISEE value with special subsidies in relation to the right to higher education. First year students with an ISEE of less than or equal to € 27,000. Above this limit, tuition fees are calculated progressively. The ISEE value must be submitted, even if you have not enrolled in the Degree Programme, by 30 October 2024, at 6:00pm (or by 15 November 2024, at 6:00pm, paying a 100 € penalty) accessing ER-GO Online Services, alternatively you will have to pay the full amount. If you are an international student, verify how your tuition fees will be calculated according to your country of origin and the country where your family has income and assets. Read all information about tuition fees and exemptions. Matriculation After you have checked that all the admission requirements have been met, you can enrol on Studenti Online: 1. fill in the application for matriculation with the required information and attach a passport photo in digital format; 2. pay the first instalment of your tuition fees; 3. follow the instructions to complete the procedure which you will find on Studenti Online according to your profile. Highlights Accepted language certificates [Read all information about tuition fees and exemptions](https://www.unibo.it/en/study/enrolment-fees-and-other-procedures/degree-programmes/tuition-fees-and-exemptions/fees-and-exemptions-amounts-and-deadlines1) Matriculation [